---
{"publish":true,"title":"About Ali","description":"Landing page and about Ali","created":"2025-08-25","modified":"2025-12-05T21:28:09.650-05:00","cssclasses":""}
---

Over a lifetime of dedication to understanding humanity’s place on the planet, Ali Abbas serves as a [[50 - Transmissions/10-Words/storyteller]], coach, and architect. He operates at the intersection of the tangible systems, technologies, and the people who engage with them. 

[[50 - Transmissions/10-Words/Ali's career journey]] began in the world of systems and strategy. With a decade of experience at the intersection of technology and people, Ali learned to navigate the complex [[30 -  Systems and Dynamics/change\|architecture of change]]. Working with tech giants like Microsoft as well as scale-up unicorns he learned to diagnose, model, and navigate the complex architectures of organizational change. 

As Ali progressed in his career the growth in his outer realm of work was met by resistances from his inner world. The stress of the COVID-19 pandemic pushed Ali to evaluate his strategies for managing his health and well-being. Ali's commitment to this was met with the same rigour he solved problems for organizations with, and he embarked on a learning journey spanning multiple disciplines with respects to the philosophies of human development and systems thinking.

Ali’s inquiry into the history of ideas, from [[20 - The Human System/23 - Inner Architecture/Jung/Archetype\|Carl Jung’s analytical psychology]], to [[50 - Transmissions/10-Words/CCSBE 2025 - The Hero's Journey - Understanding Entrepreneurial Resilience through Narrative Identity, Presence, and Well-Being\|Joseph Campbell's comparative mythology]], to modern neuroscience and quantum physics lens on consciousness, informed his personal evolution. Today, his work is the expression of his research as it has been applied to transform the lives and businesses of himself and others. He combines a systems-thinker's orientation toward positive technology and strategy with a radically human-centered approach. He sees that the patterns governing collectives are reflections of the patterns within individuals. As a coach and guide, he supports clients in building the foundations that support their nervous system as they navigate personal, professional, and spiritual dimensions of growth. Empowering them to discover, integrate, and align themselves with their ideal self.